Xiao Zhengshan sent Xiao Yunyan to discuss cooperation with you
This is an opportunity.
You gotta hold on to me I understand
Xiao Yunyan, I see how Fang Chen can save you this time
Humph
La la la la la la la where is my wife
Don't tell the doctor
Is that you?
Mr. Xiao went to the Swan Hotel to discuss business
Tan, what are you doing here?
After 10 o'clock last time?
President Xiao transferred me to his side
Wife is so thoughtful
I will protect you personally knowing that you are my friend
I have to reward him.
Yo Mr. Fang
Ah, what a coincidence!
Mr. Fang, I was just thinking about it.
Are you going to the door to apologize?
Here it is.
I happened to meet
This store is owned by me
You are here to socialize
I'll have someone prepare a good table of wine and food right away
Tonight, I'm drinking with Mr. Fang